What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    When you initialize a git repository a folder is created in that repository called '.Git' and is hidden from 
    traditional view. To access this folder you would need to enable view hidden files or folders in either 
    file explorer or your file manager (OS dependent). While the git folder is created git does not create an initial
    commit. That is left to the user to define what files, and or folders they want to commit.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

    The staging area acts as an intermediary between the files in the working directory and the commits made to a 
    repository. This is important as it allows for smaller logical commits to be made as opposed to one large blanketed 
    commit. This would make it easier to keep track of smaller changes.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

    It is useful because it can capture all the changes made to files in your repository without committing them. This is 
    useful in case the files you made changes to then realise later that they are wrong it is easy to manage before they 
    are committed. Also if you added files to the staging area and forget to commit them they are saved in this temporary area
    so that you can return to it later without loosing progress..

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

    I could see branches being useful when testing new functionality to a project. Anything outside of traditional bug fixes 
    I would test on a new branch so it doesn't affect my core code. This would make it much easier to discard a buggy feature.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    Diagrams helps to see the parent for various commits within a repository. Because each commit can only be accessed on the 
    appropriate branch head, it helps to see what commit you can reach from the bach you are on.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

    When merging two branches together it results in the commits from branches being merged, to be integrated together. This 
    makes the changes appear on a linear graph so to speak. 
    Git merge is a complicated beast. 

    Imagine I have two branches, one 'master' branch and another branch called 'alternate'.

    Scenario 1: I have made changes to alternate branch so that it is ahead of the master branch. If I want to merge those changes 
                into the master branch then I would need to go onto the alternative branch and run the command
                [git merge master alternate]  
                You must checkout the branch with the changes first. So in this case I want to merge the changes from alternate to 
                master. So the command is saying "I want to merge master to alternate by placing changes into master from alternate"

    Scenario 2: I have made changes to master branch so that it is ahead of the alternate branch but want those changes to go to the 
                alternate branch. I would need to go onto the master branch and run the command
                [git merge alternate master]  
                You must checkout the branch with the changes first. So in this case I want to merge the changes from alternate to 
                master. So the command is saying "I want to merge alternate to master by placing changes into alternate from master"

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

    Automatic merging is fine for creating fast merges of commits. The problem is that merge conflicts cannot be resolved this 
    way and must be manually dealt with. But I need more practice on this.